Introducing load_key hook in zfsbootmenu/lib/zfsbootmenu-core.sh (#452)
zbm-dev/zfsbootmenu: docs/guides/general/container-building.rst

   any pools.
2. ``setup`` hooks run after pools are imported, right before ZFSBootMenu will either boot a default environment or
   present a menu.

> 3. ``load_key`` hooks run immediately before key loading for a dataset. The only argument provided to a hook is ``dataset`` name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. ``load_key`` hooks run immediately before attempting to load a key for a locked filesystem. Each hook is called with the name of the encryption root to be unlocked as its sole argument.
```
